AutoSlug with consistent API (#757)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/best-practices.md

The intended audience for the `validated_save()` convenience method is Job authors and anyone writing scripts for, or interacting with the ORM directly through the `nbshell` command. It is generally not recommended however, to use `validated_save()` as a blanket replacement for the `save()` method in the core of Nautobot.

During execution, should model validation fail, `validated_save()` will raise `django.core.exceptions.ValidationError` in the normal Django fashion.

## Slug Field

> Moving forward in Nautobot, all models should have a Slug field. This field can be safely/correctly used in URL patterns, dictionary keys, GraphQL and REST API. Nautobot has provided the `AutoSlugField` to handle creating the Slug field automatically from another field. All models should be populated from the `name` field. Below is an example on creating the Slug field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving forward in Nautobot, all models should have a `slug` field. This field can be safely/correctly used in URL patterns, dictionary keys, GraphQL and REST API. Nautobot has provided the `AutoSlugField` to handle automatically populating the `slug` field from another field(s). Generally speaking model slugs should be populated from the `name` field. Below is an example on defining the `slug` field.
```
